OSDOCS-16850 2 - CQA for OVNK-1 (#111189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-southbound-database-contents.adoc

[id="nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-southbound-database-contents_{context}"]
= Listing the OVN-Kubernetes southbound database contents

[role="_abstract"]

> Each node is controlled by the `ovnkube-controller` container running in the `ovnkube-node` pod on that node. To understand the OVN logical networking entities you need to examine the southbound database that is running as a container inside the `ovnkube-node` pod on that node to see what objects are in the node you want to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each node is controlled by the `ovnkube-controller` container running in the `ovnkube-node` pod on that node. To understand the OVN-Kubernetes (OVN-K) logical networking entities, you must examine the southbound database that is running as a container inside the `ovnkube-node` pod on that node.
```

.Prerequisites

* Access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

> * The OpenShift CLI (`oc`) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {oc-first} is installed.
```

> * To run `ovn-nbctl` or `ovn-sbctl` commands in a cluster, open a remote shell into the `nbdb` or `sbdb` containers on the relevant node.

Reviewer: again, this should be the first step in the procedure

.Procedure

. List the pods by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get po -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes
----
+

> *Example output*

Reviewer: revert

$ oc get pods -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes -owide
----
+

> *Example output*

Reviewer: revert

ovnkube-node-wqn2m                       8/8     Running   0             17m   10.0.128.4   ci-ln-t487nnb-72292-mdcnq-worker-c-przlm   <none>           <none>
----

> . Navigate into a pod to examine the southbound database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate into a pod to examine the southbound database by running the following command:
```
update for accessibility

----

+

> *Example output*

Reviewer: revert

    Port_Binding tstor-ci-ln-9gp362t-72292-v2p94-master-1
----
+

> This detailed output shows the chassis and the ports that are attached to the chassis which in this case are all of the router ports and anything that uses host networking.

Reviewer: make these items bullets since they are really sort of callout explainers
